README.md, before:

<div align="center">

  # Chirpy Jekyll Theme

  A minimal, responsive and feature-rich Jekyll theme for technical writing.

  [![Gem Version](https://img.shields.io/gem/v/jekyll-theme-chirpy?color=brightgreen)][gem]&nbsp;
  [![CI](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push)][ci]&nbsp;
  [![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/4e556876a3c54d5e8f2d2857c4f43894)][codacy]&nbsp;
  [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy.svg)][license]&nbsp;
  [![996.icu](https://img.shields.io/badge/link-996.icu-%23FF4D5B.svg)](https://996.icu)

  [**Live Demo →**][demo]

  [![Devices Mockup](https://chirpy-img.netlify.app/commons/devices-mockup.png)][demo]

</div>

## Features

<details>
  <summary>
    <i>Click to view features</i>
  </summary>
  <p>

  - Dark / Light Theme Mode
  - Localized UI language
  - Pinned Posts on Home Page
  - Hierarchical Categories
  - Trending Tags
  - Table of Contents
  - Last Modified Date
  - Syntax Highlighting
  - Mathematical Expressions
  - Mermaid Diagrams & Flowcharts
  - Dark / Light Mode Images
  - Embed Videos
  - Disqus / Utterances / Giscus Comments
  - Built-in Search
  - Atom Feeds
  - Google Analytics
  - SEO & Performance Optimization

  </p>
</details>

## Documentation

To explore usage, development, and upgrade guide of the project, please refer to the [**Wiki**][wiki].

## Contributing

Reporting bugs and helping to improve source code or documentation is always welcome.
For more information, see the "[Contributing Guidelines][contribute-guide]".

## Credits

This theme is mainly built with [Jekyll][jekyllrb] ecosystem,
[Bootstrap][bootstrap], [Font Awesome][icons] and some other [wonderful tools][lib].
The avatar and favicon design come from [Clipart Max][image].

Many thanks to the [contributors][contributors] who participated in the development
and to the folks who reported bugs or shared ideas.

Last but not least, thanks to [JetBrains][jetbrains] for providing the _Open Source License_.

## Sponsoring

If you'd like to sponsor this project, the following options are available.

[![Ko-fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support_Me_on_Ko--fi-ff5e5b?logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)][ko-fi]&nbsp;
[![Wechat Pay](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tip_Me_on_WeChat-brightgreen?logo=wechat&logoColor=white)][donation]&nbsp;
[![Alipay](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tip_Me_on_Alipay-blue?logo=alipay&logoColor=white)][donation]

## License

This work is published under [MIT License][license].

[gem]: https://rubygems.org/gems/jekyll-theme-chirpy
[ci]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=event%3Apush+branch%3Amaster
[codacy]: https://app.codacy.com/gh/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade
[license]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/blob/master/LICENSE
[jekyllrb]: https://jekyllrb.com/
[bootstrap]: https://getbootstrap.com/
[icons]: https://fontawesome.com/
[image]: https://www.clipartmax.com/middle/m2i8b1m2K9Z5m2K9_ant-clipart-childrens-ant-cute/
[demo]: https://cotes2020.github.io/chirpy-demo/
[wiki]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/wiki
[contribute-guide]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
[contributors]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/graphs/contributors
[lib]: https://github.com/cotes2020/chirpy-static-assets
[jetbrains]: https://www.jetbrains.com/?from=jekyll-theme-chirpy
[ko-fi]: https://ko-fi.com/coteschung/
[donation]: https://sponsor.cotes.page/

Commit message:

chore: route question to GitHub Discussions

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

  # Chirpy Jekyll Theme

  A minimal, responsive and feature-rich Jekyll theme for technical writing.

  [![Gem Version](https://img.shields.io/gem/v/jekyll-theme-chirpy?color=brightgreen)][gem]&nbsp;
  [![CI](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push)][ci]&nbsp;
  [![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/4e556876a3c54d5e8f2d2857c4f43894)][codacy]&nbsp;
  [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy.svg)][license]&nbsp;
  [![996.icu](https://img.shields.io/badge/link-996.icu-%23FF4D5B.svg)](https://996.icu)

  [**Live Demo →**][demo]

  [![Devices Mockup](https://chirpy-img.netlify.app/commons/devices-mockup.png)][demo]

</div>

## Features

<details>
  <summary>
    <i>Click to view features</i>
  </summary>
  <p>

  - Dark / Light Theme Mode
  - Localized UI language
  - Pinned Posts on Home Page
  - Hierarchical Categories
  - Trending Tags
  - Table of Contents
  - Last Modified Date
  - Syntax Highlighting
  - Mathematical Expressions
  - Mermaid Diagrams & Flowcharts
  - Dark / Light Mode Images
  - Embed Videos
  - Disqus / Utterances / Giscus Comments
  - Built-in Search
  - Atom Feeds
  - Google Analytics
  - SEO & Performance Optimization

  </p>
</details>

## Documentation

To explore usage, development, and upgrade guide of the project, please refer to the [**Wiki**][wiki].

## Contributing

Contributions (Issues/PRs/Discussions) are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated. For details, see the "[Contributing Guidelines][contribute-guide]".

## Credits

This theme is mainly built with [Jekyll][jekyllrb] ecosystem,
[Bootstrap][bootstrap], [Font Awesome][icons] and some other [wonderful tools][lib].
The avatar and favicon design come from [Clipart Max][image].

Many thanks to the [contributors][contributors] who participated in the development
and to the folks who reported bugs or shared ideas.

Last but not least, thanks to [JetBrains][jetbrains] for providing the _Open Source License_.

## Sponsoring

If you'd like to sponsor this project, the following options are available.

[![Ko-fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support_Me_on_Ko--fi-ff5e5b?logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)][ko-fi]&nbsp;
[![Wechat Pay](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tip_Me_on_WeChat-brightgreen?logo=wechat&logoColor=white)][donation]&nbsp;
[![Alipay](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tip_Me_on_Alipay-blue?logo=alipay&logoColor=white)][donation]

## License

This work is published under [MIT License][license].

[gem]: https://rubygems.org/gems/jekyll-theme-chirpy
[ci]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=event%3Apush+branch%3Amaster
[codacy]: https://app.codacy.com/gh/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/dashboard?utm_source=gh&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=&utm_campaign=Badge_grade
[license]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/blob/master/LICENSE
[jekyllrb]: https://jekyllrb.com/
[bootstrap]: https://getbootstrap.com/
[icons]: https://fontawesome.com/
[image]: https://www.clipartmax.com/middle/m2i8b1m2K9Z5m2K9_ant-clipart-childrens-ant-cute/
[demo]: https://cotes2020.github.io/chirpy-demo/
[wiki]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/wiki
[contribute-guide]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
[contributors]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/graphs/contributors
[lib]: https://github.com/cotes2020/chirpy-static-assets
[jetbrains]: https://www.jetbrains.com/?from=jekyll-theme-chirpy
[ko-fi]: https://ko-fi.com/coteschung/
[donation]: https://sponsor.cotes.page/
