.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, before:

---
name: Feature Request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
labels: enhancement
---

<!-- NOTE: Please maintain all sections, otherwise the issue will be automatically closed :) -->

## Checklist

<!-- Please complete the following list of tasks, and then check it by changing the "[ ]" to "[x]" -->
- [ ] I have read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] There is no similar request on [existing issues](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/issues?q=is%3Aissue) (including closed ones).
- [ ] I have read the [project progress](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/projects) and know the current progress of the project.
- [ ] I was in the `master` branch of the latest code.


## Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe

<!-- A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...] -->


## Describe the solution you'd like

<!-- A clear and concise description of what you want to happen. -->


## Describe alternatives you've considered

<!-- A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered. -->


## Additional context

<!-- Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here. -->

Commit message:

chore(github): simplify the creation steps of issue/pr

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, after:

---
name: Feature Request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
labels: enhancement
---

We sincerely recommend that you first complete the following checklist:

- Read the [tutorials](https://cotes2020.github.io/chirpy-demo/categories/tutorial/) and know the correct effect of the functional design.
- No similar [issue](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/issues?q=is%3Aissue)(including closed ones) exists
- This PR is built on top of the latest code in the `master` branch.

## Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe

<!-- A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...] -->


## Describe the solution you'd like

<!-- A clear and concise description of what you want to happen. -->


## Describe alternatives you've considered

<!-- A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered. -->


## Additional context

<!-- Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here. -->
